Consul: Certificate expiration telemetry (#2136)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/partials/examples/agent/telemetry/certificate.mdx

> This example configures Consul certificate expiration modeling for all certificates. It caches API responses for 5 minutes, marks certificates `CRITICAL` when they expire within 7 days, marks them `WARNING` when they expire in 8-30 days, and considers certificates more than 90 days from expiration as healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures Consul certificate expiration modeling for all certificates. It caches API responses for five minutes, marks certificates `CRITICAL` when they expire within seven days, marks them `WARNING` when they expire in 8-30 days, and considers certificates more than 90 days from expiration as healthy.
```
Changed the numbers to words, as specified in our style guide
